Introduce swagger-autogen tool and add documentation (#5)
intel/webinizer: documentation/api/swagger-spec.rst

.. _swagger:

> Swagger

Reviewer: Maybe using a more descriptive title:
```suggestion
Generate Swagger specification file for server RESTful APIs
```

######################

> This section will introduce how to set up swagger specification auto-generation tool ``swagger-autogen``, how to use it to generate spec file and how to visualize and try the requests execution with `Swagger UI

Reviewer: Maybe add a link for `swagger-autogen`?

<https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui>`_ tool.

Generation
**********

> In ``package.json``, the ``"swagger-autogen": "^2.23.5"`` npm package definition has been added in ``devDependencies``, and the ``"swagger-autogen": "node ./swagger.js"`` script command has been added in ``scripts``. The ``swagger.js`` in root is the key configuration file of the ``swagger-autogen`` module, including the target file, endpoints source file and the schemas definitions. More details are available `here

Reviewer: Maybe the version info is not needed.
```suggestion
In ``package.json``, ensure the ``swagger-autogen`` npm package definition has been added in the``devDependencies`` field, and the ``swagger-autogen`` script command has been added in the ``scripts`` field. Besides, the ``swagger.js`` file in root is the key configuration file of the ``swagger-autogen`` module, including the target file, endpoints source file and the schema definitions. More details are available `here
```

<https://github.com/swagger-autogen/swagger-autogen#usage-with-optionals>`_.

.. code-block:: shell

   $ npm install # to install the dependencies.
   $ npm run swagger-autogen # to generate the swagger specification file

The ``swagger-output.json`` under the project root directory will be generated after running above commands.

Visualization & Interaction
***************************

> In swagger specification file, we can browse the definitions, request parameters, request payload, response payload and their corresponding examples of all apis. Moreover, with the help of swagger UI tool, to visualize and interact with the API's resources without having any of the implementation logic in place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In swagger specification file, you can browse the definitions, request parameters, request payload, response payload and their corresponding examples of all APIs. Moreover, with the help of swagger UI tool, you can visualize and interact with the API's resources without having any of the implementation logic in place.
```

> There are many useful tools available to achieve the effects that mentioned above. Such as, if you want to make it in the `Visual Studio Code`, you can install ``Swagger Viewer`` from the extension market, and execute the ``Preview Swagger`` command from the `swagger specification` file editor to visualize and interact the API's resource as following images shows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many useful tools available to achieve the functionalities mentioned above. 

If you are using `VS Code`, you can install the ``Swagger Viewer`` (ADD a link here) from the extension market, and execute the ``Preview Swagger`` command from the `swagger specification` file editor to visualize and interact the API's resource as following images shows.
```

And also add a link for `Swagger viewer` extension.

.. image:: ../images/test/swagger-previewer.png

> In addition, ``Swagger UI`` is also a great alternative tool, here we use ``Swagger UI`` as an example and install it in `Docker` mode according to the `installation doc <https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui/blob/master/docs/usage/installation.md#docker>`_. After running ``docker pull swaggerapi/swagger-ui`` to pull the `swagger-ui` docker image, we can run following command to start up the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, ``Swagger UI`` is also a great alternative tool. You can run following commands to install it in `Docker mode` <https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui/blob/master/docs/usage/installation.md#docker>`_ and start up the container.
```

> .. code-block:: bash
> 
>   $ docker run -p 80:8080 \
>                -e SWAGGER_JSON=/foo/swagger-output.json \
>                -v webinizer-demo/webinizer-code/webinizer:/foo \
>                swaggerapi/swagger-ui
>   # please replace the project repo mapping path
>   # `webinizer-demo/webinizer-code/webinizer` with
>   # your own webinizer project absolute path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: bash

  # Pull the swagger-ui docker image
  $ docker pull swaggerapi/swagger-ui

  # Start up the container
  # Note. please replace the project repo mapping path
  # `webinizer-demo/webinizer-code/webinizer` with
  # your own webinizer project absolute path
  $ docker run -p 80:8080 \
               -e SWAGGER_JSON=/foo/swagger-output.json \
               -v webinizer-demo/webinizer-code/webinizer:/foo \
               swaggerapi/swagger-ui
```

> Browse ``http://localhost:80`` to visualize and interact the API's resource, and following image shows the swagger spec preview results and how to fire request ``GET /api/projects/profile`` to get all project profile list. As for some POST HTTP requests which need required parameters or request payload, you can refer to the examples and follow the schemas to construct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browse to ``http://localhost:80`` to visualize and interact with the API's resource, and following image shows the swagger spec preview results and how to fire request ``GET /api/projects/profile`` to get all project profile list. As for some POST HTTP requests which need required parameters or request payload, you can refer to the examples and follow the schemas to construct.
```

.. image:: ../images/test/swagger-ui.png

NOTE
****

> If you want to test the APIs related to `registry` like ``POST /api/projects/registry`` and ``POST /api/projects/{root}/publication``. `You should firstly build your registry server`. There are some helpful framework like `verdaccio <https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio>`_ to help to construct registry fast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to test the APIs related to `registry` like ``POST /api/projects/registry`` and ``POST /api/projects/{root}/publication``, you should setup a npm compatible registry server at first. There are some helpful framework like `verdaccio <https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio>`_ to help build a registry quickly.
```

.. _swagger:

> Generate Swagger specification file for server RESTful APIs
> ######################

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate Swagger specification file for server RESTful APIs
###########################################################
```

This section will introduce how to set up swagger specification auto-generation tool `swagger-autogen <https://github.com/swagger-autogen/swagger-autogen>`_, how to use it to generate spec file and how to visualize and try the requests execution with `Swagger UI
<https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui>`_ tool.

Generation
**********

> In ``package.json``, ensure the ``swagger-autogen`` npm package definition has been added in the``devDependencies`` field, and the ``swagger-autogen`` script command has been added in the ``scripts`` field. Besides, the ``swagger.js`` file in root is the key configuration file of the ``swagger-autogen`` module, including the target file, endpoints source file and the schema definitions. More details are available `here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In ``package.json``, ensure the ``swagger-autogen`` npm package definition has been added in the ``devDependencies`` field, and the ``swagger-autogen`` script command has been added in the ``scripts`` field. Besides, the ``swagger.js`` file in root is the key configuration file of the ``swagger-autogen`` module, including the target file, endpoints source file and the schema definitions. More details are available `here
```

<https://github.com/swagger-autogen/swagger-autogen#usage-with-optionals>`_.

.. code-block:: shell

   $ npm install # to install the dependencies.
   $ npm run swagger-autogen # to generate the swagger specification file

The ``swagger-output.json`` under the project root directory will be generated after running above commands.

Visualization & Interaction
***************************

In swagger specification file, you can browse the definitions, request parameters, request payload, response payload and their corresponding examples of all APIs. Moreover, with the help of swagger UI tool, you can visualize and interact with the API's resources without having any of the implementation logic in place.

There are many useful tools available to achieve the functionalities mentioned above.

> If you are using `VS Code`, you can install the ``Swagger Viewer`` (ADD a link here) from the extension market, and execute the ``Preview Swagger`` command from the `swagger specification` file editor to visualize and interact the API's resource as following images shows.

Reviewer: - remove `ADD a link here`  and add an actual link.
- add `with` after interact: interact `with` the API's resource

.. image:: ../images/test/swagger-previewer.png

> In addition, ``Swagger UI`` is also a great alternative tool. You can run following commands to install it in `Docker mode` <https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui/blob/master/docs/usage/installation.md#docker>`_ and start up the container.

Reviewer: The link syntax is not correct.
```suggestion
In addition, ``Swagger UI`` is also a great alternative tool. You can run following commands to install it in `Docker mode <https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui/blob/master/docs/usage/installation.md#docker>`_ and start up the container.
```

.. code-block:: bash

  # Pull the swagger-ui docker image
  $ docker pull swaggerapi/swagger-ui

  # Start up the container
  # Note. please replace the project repo mapping path
  # `webinizer-demo/webinizer-code/webinizer` with
  # your own webinizer project absolute path
  $ docker run -p 80:8080 \
               -e SWAGGER_JSON=/foo/swagger-output.json \
               -v webinizer-demo/webinizer-code/webinizer:/foo \
               swaggerapi/swagger-ui

Browse to ``http://localhost:80`` to visualize and interact with the API's resource, and following image shows the swagger spec preview results and how to fire request ``GET /api/projects/profile`` to get all project profile list. As for some POST HTTP requests which need required parameters or request payload, you can refer to the examples and follow the schemas to construct.

.. image:: ../images/test/swagger-ui.png

NOTE
****

> If you want to test the APIs related to `registry` like ``POST /api/projects/registry`` and ``POST /api/projects/{root}/publication``, you should setup a npm compatible registry server at first. There are some helpful framework like `verdaccio <https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio>`_ to help build a registry quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to test the APIs related to `registry` like ``POST /api/projects/registry`` and ``POST /api/projects/{root}/publication``, you should setup a npm compatible registry server at first. There are some helpful frameworks like `verdaccio <https://github.com/verdaccio/verdaccio>`_ to help build a registry quickly.
```
